[Darkside] Dynamic color theming (#3849)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/darkside-4.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": minor
---

> Darkside: Adding type '@navikt/ds-react/types/theme' to your local 'tsconfig.json' types-field allows autocomplete for all available 'AkselColors' in attribute 'data-color'. [Read more about this in the documentation](http://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/darkside/theming).

Reviewer: 1. We renamed "AkselColors" to "AkselColor".
2. Should we rename "CustomAkselColors" as well?
3. Consider merging changeset 3 and 4.

```suggestion
Darkside: Adding type '@navikt/ds-react/types/theme' to your local 'tsconfig.json' types-field allows autocomplete for all built-in color palettes in attribute 'data-color'. You can also add project-specific palettes by extending the 'CustomAkselColor'-type. [Read more about this in the documentation](http://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/darkside/theming).
```
